README.md, before:

# CS 410 RUST Final
An XML parser to generate a game GUI:

##REQUEST: This project will not be ready for grading till the end of 8/16/18.


## Overview:
In short, this repository is an attempt to develop a library capable of separating a game GUI from 
the actual game display. In many modern game engines this is a standard approach. 

This allows game developers to fine tune UI results without constant recompilation as well as 

XML files will contain button implementation details and settings. Each time a program is reloaded 
(or a command manually triggered), the XML file is reparsed and the buttons, healthbars, menus are 
reinstantiated (Allowing for dynamic configuration).

_Inspiration/Reference Using concepts from Cryengine 5: http://docs.cryengine.com/display/CEPROG/UI+Element_


## XML Syntax
Currently, XML files must adhere to a standardized syntax to be properly read into the parser currently. 
An refer to example_button.xml for a demonstration of this syntax.


## Development Plan: 
_Outline Will be copied into the project PDF_
### Weeks 4-5: Research:
* Definition of elements: (Such as)
  * XML syntax expected by the Parser.
  * Desired UI elements: (Such as buttons, health bars, etc)
     * The capabilities of these
     
* Research: 
  * Available Rust engines
  * Available Rust parsing tools _I'd honestly rather not write my own XML 
  parser with so many useful ones available
  

### Week 6: Development of Parser

### Week 7: Development of Translator

### Week 8: Development of Example Game
* Time permitting, a simple game will be developed to demonstrate the functionality of the UI system
   * Likely Will be a simple box collecting game.
* Finishing off any incomplete elements

Commit message:

Formatting Cleanup and initial code clarification via comments. *added player paddle as custom defined xml object

README.md, after:

# CS 410 RUST Final
An XML parser to generate a game GUI:

##To view functionality
By default, by running `cargo load` this project will load the beginnings of a
simple pong game. Custom defined UI buttons will appear on the screen.

*With the program running, by pressing the `'r'` key the program will trigger a reload.
prompting the program to reparse the nested xml files to redraw the UI. Therefore, without
recompiling the code, custom buttons may be adjusted and reloaded back into the window.




## Overview: _Design Stage_
In short, this repository is an attempt to develop a library capable of separating a game GUI from 
the actual game display. In many modern game engines this is a standard approach. 

This allows game developers to fine tune UI results without constant recompilation as well as 

XML files will contain button implementation details and settings. Each time a program is reloaded 
(or a command manually triggered), the XML file is reparsed and the buttons, healthbars, menus are 
reinstantiated (Allowing for dynamic configuration).

_Inspiration/Reference Using concepts from Cryengine 5: http://docs.cryengine.com/display/CEPROG/UI+Element_


## XML Syntax
Currently, XML files must adhere to a standardized syntax to be properly read into the parser currently. 
An refer to example_button.xml for a demonstration of this syntax.


## Development Plan: 
_Outline Will be copied into the project PDF_
### Weeks 4-5: Research:
* Definition of elements: (Such as)
  * XML syntax expected by the Parser.
  * Desired UI elements: (Such as buttons, health bars, etc)
     * The capabilities of these
     
* Research: 
  * Available Rust engines
  * Available Rust parsing tools _I'd honestly rather not write my own XML 
  parser with so many useful ones available
  
#### Week 6: Development of Parser
#### Week 7: Development of Translator
#### Week 8: Development of Example Game
* Time permitting, a simple game will be developed to demonstrate the functionality of the UI system
   * Likely Will be a simple box collecting game.
   
   
###Development Post-mortem

To a certain extent. I'm willing to admit that I overestimated the dificulty I would encounter in developing this project.
